README.md, before:

# Mahonia

<table width="100%">
  <tr>
    <td><img alt="Mahonia aquifolium image" src="app/assets/images/mahonia.jpg" height="40%"></td>
    <td>
       <i>Mahonia aquifolium</i>: Electronic Theses & Dissertations
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Developer Setup

1. Change to your working directory for new development projects
   `cd .`
1. Clone this repo
   `git clone https://github.com/curationexperts/mahonia.git`
1. Change to the application directory
   `cd mahonia`
1. Start redis
   `redis-server &`
   *note:* use ` &` to start in the background, or run redis in a new terminal
   session
1. Setup your database.
   We use PostgreSQL. To support the test and development environments, you'll
   need have Postgres installed and running. In your `psql` console do
   `create role mahonia with createdb login password 'password1';`. Then do
   `bundle exec rake db:create` to setup the create the database and schema.

You can now run the test suite with `bundle exec rake ci`, or start a
development server with `bundle exec rake hydra:server`.

## How to create an admin user on the console
(See https://github.com/samvera/hyrax/wiki/Making-Admin-Users-in-Hyrax for more details)

1. Connect to the rails console and follow this script (note that if you are on a production instance you'll need `RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rails c`):
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails c
  2.4.2 :001 > u = User.new
  2.4.2 :002 > u.email = "fake@example.com"
  2.4.2 :003 > u.display_name = "Jane Doe"
  2.4.2 :004 > u.password = "123456"
  2.4.2 :005 > admin_role = Role.where(name: 'admin').first_or_create
   => #<Role id: 1, name: "admin">
  2.4.2 :006 > u.roles << admin_role
   => #<ActiveRecord::Associations::CollectionProxy [#<Role id: 1, name: "admin">]>
  2.4.2 :007 > u.save
   => true
  2.4.2 :011 > u.admin?
  Role Exists (0.2ms)  SELECT  1 AS one FROM "roles" INNER JOIN "roles_users" ON "roles"."id" = "roles_users"."role_id" WHERE "roles_users"."user_id" = ? AND "roles"."name" = ? LIMIT ?  [["user_id", 2], ["name", "admin"], ["LIMIT", 1]]
 => true
  ```

1. If the object won't save, or isn't working as expected, you can check the errors like this:
  ```ruby
  2.4.2 :015 > u = User.new
  2.4.2 :016 > u.email = "bess@curationexperts.com"
  2.4.2 :017 > u.save
   => false
  2.4.2 :018 > u.errors.messages
   => {:email=>["has already been taken"], :password=>["can't be blank"], :orcid=>[]}
  ```

Commit message:

Simplify Postgres setup for CI

README.md, after:

# Mahonia

<table width="100%">
  <tr>
    <td><img alt="Mahonia aquifolium image" src="app/assets/images/mahonia.jpg" height="40%"></td>
    <td>
       <i>Mahonia aquifolium</i>: Electronic Theses & Dissertations
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Developer Setup

1. Change to your working directory for new development projects
   `cd .`
1. Clone this repo
   `git clone https://github.com/curationexperts/mahonia.git`
1. Change to the application directory
   `cd mahonia`
1. Start redis
   `redis-server &`
   *note:* use ` &` to start in the background, or run redis in a new terminal
   session
1. Setup your database.
   We use PostgreSQL. To support the test and development environments, you'll
   need have Postgres installed and running.
   Ensure that your current user can create databases in postgres. In the `psql`
   console do `create role [username] with createdb login`. Then do
   `bundle exec rake db:create` to create the databases.

You can now run the test suite with `bundle exec rake ci`, or start a
development server with `bundle exec rake hydra:server`.

## How to create an admin user on the console
(See https://github.com/samvera/hyrax/wiki/Making-Admin-Users-in-Hyrax for more details)

1. Connect to the rails console and follow this script (note that if you are on a production instance you'll need `RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rails c`):
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails c
  2.4.2 :001 > u = User.new
  2.4.2 :002 > u.email = "fake@example.com"
  2.4.2 :003 > u.display_name = "Jane Doe"
  2.4.2 :004 > u.password = "123456"
  2.4.2 :005 > admin_role = Role.where(name: 'admin').first_or_create
   => #<Role id: 1, name: "admin">
  2.4.2 :006 > u.roles << admin_role
   => #<ActiveRecord::Associations::CollectionProxy [#<Role id: 1, name: "admin">]>
  2.4.2 :007 > u.save
   => true
  2.4.2 :011 > u.admin?
  Role Exists (0.2ms)  SELECT  1 AS one FROM "roles" INNER JOIN "roles_users" ON "roles"."id" = "roles_users"."role_id" WHERE "roles_users"."user_id" = ? AND "roles"."name" = ? LIMIT ?  [["user_id", 2], ["name", "admin"], ["LIMIT", 1]]
 => true
  ```

1. If the object won't save, or isn't working as expected, you can check the errors like this:
  ```ruby
  2.4.2 :015 > u = User.new
  2.4.2 :016 > u.email = "bess@curationexperts.com"
  2.4.2 :017 > u.save
   => false
  2.4.2 :018 > u.errors.messages
   => {:email=>["has already been taken"], :password=>["can't be blank"], :orcid=>[]}
  ```
